well howdy there Internet people its
Bella gallon so it is quite literally
the calm before the storm here so you
may hear some rain on the roof but
that's kind of fitting isn't it so today
we're gonna talk about mistakes
misinterpreting data and because you've
misinterpreted the data well then you
don't understand other things that are
happening that's what we're going to
talk about today because there are a lot
of people doing this right now there is
a widespread inclination among some
people to look at the current
predictions and current models and
compare them to the initial ones and say
that those initial ones were way off
base they were way wrong see it was
overhyped
it was sensationalized it was a media
hoax because they want to believe the
president that's what they want so
they're going to disregard information
that is plain as day the models are
getting better the predictions are
getting better right now I think the
current one is we are looking at a
hundred thousand gone it's hard to think
of a hundred thousand gone as good but
in comparison to the month ago that's a
really good we're doing a great job
right but then there's that other thing
and that's that the president is
extending social distancing a man who
never admits that he's wrong accepts
responsibility for absolutely nothing
has pushed back his date why because the
initial models weren't that wrong they
weren't off base
they were good estimates and social
distancing is working that's the point
that's why we're staying home that's why
we're self isolated is to lower the
number of people to get it and it's
working
therefore the president extends how long
we're doing it because
it's working the desire to set aside
facts and to set aside things that are
that's plain as day because you want to
support a specific person and you want
to believe that they're never wrong
that's indicative of cult behavior you
really need to check yourself it's
probably gonna extend you know maybe a
little bit longer than the current date
but it's because it's working it's
saving lives that's why we're staying
home the whole idea was to flatten the
curve and we have in a way it has
dropped significantly but we're still at
the point where at peak
it may overwhelm medical infrastructure
and that's what we're trying to avoid so
we've got to get it down again we've got
to keep pushing it down if we let up now
there's still enough cases out there to
reinitiate that climb and therefore get
over the point that hospitals can handle
that's why it's being extended the
president isn't going to look at these
models that keep dropping and say I can
show that I was right right now but
instead I'm gonna postpone the reopen
that doesn't even make sense the only
reason that you can look at this and
think it was overblown is if you're
disregarding evidence in you're
disregarding evidence because you have
fallen for a cult of personality
he's not a great leader he's not he's
not gonna make America great his
accomplishments are nil you gotta let it
go you made a bad choice everybody makes
mistakes you back to well I don't know
I'm not a particular fan of Hillary
either but be faith in the Red Hat and
that slogan it's misplaced if you
disregard these precautions if you don't
follow them you're only going to hurt
yourself and those people you know those
people in your community is that level
of selfishness and willful ignorance
making America great anyway wash your
hands don't touch your face stay at home
if you do go out and you wear a mask if
you have a beard wearing an n95 with a
beard is basically like putting fishnets
over your head it doesn't do any good
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day